README.md, before:

# Fantasy Stock Trader

## Description
Fantasy Stock Trader is an application that allows users to simulate stock trading. It's designed to help new traders learn the basics of stock market values, purchasing, and selling with out using real currencies

## Features
- Real-time stock data simulation
- Portfolio management

## Technologies Used
- Frontend: React
- Backend: Flask, SQLAlchemy
- Database: PostgreSQL, hosted on ElephantSQL
- Deployment: Render

## Installation and Setup

1. **Clone the repository**:

- git clone https://github.com/nomoneyrecord/fantasy-stock-trader.git


2. **Install frontend dependencies**:

- cd client
npm install


3. **Install backend dependencies**:

- pip3 install -r requirements.txt


4. **Set up environment variables**:
Create a `.env` file in both the `client` and `server` directories. Add the following variables according to your setup:

- **Server** `.env`:
  ```
  DATABASE_URL="your_database_connection_string"
  SECRET_KEY="your_secret_key"
  ```

- **Client** `.env`:
  ```
  REACT_APP_API_URL="http://localhost:5000/api"
  ```

5. **Start the backend server**:
- flask run


6. **Start the frontend client**:
- npm start


## Usage


## Contact
Email me at 3rdeye.ghj@gmail.com

Commit message:

Add API information to Readme

README.md, after:

# Fantasy Stock Trader

## Description
Fantasy Stock Trader is an application that allows users to simulate stock trading. It's designed to help new traders learn the basics of stock market values, purchasing, and selling with out using real currencies

## Features
- Real-time stock data simulation
- Portfolio log

## Future Updates
- Access to current stock news 
- Trend ticker
- Portfolio pie chart and growth trends

## Technologies Used
- **Frontend:** React
- **Backend:** Flask, SQLAlchemy
- **Database:** PostgreSQL, hosted on ElephantSQL
- **API:** Finnhub - This free API is used to fetch real-time data for stock prices. For more information about this API, visit https://finnhub.io/
- **Deployment:** Render

- **Note on API Keys**:
  - You will need to register for an API key to use Finnhub endpoints.
  - Ensure to store your API key securely and do not expose it in public repositories. Use environment variables to manage API keys securely.


## Installation and Setup

1. **Clone the repository**:

- git clone https://github.com/nomoneyrecord/fantasy-stock-trader.git


2. **Install frontend dependencies**:

- cd client
npm install


3. **Install backend dependencies**:

- pip3 install -r requirements.txt


4. **Set up environment variables**:
Create a `.env` file in both the `client` and `server` directories. Add the following variables according to your setup:

- **Server** `.env`:
  ```
  DATABASE_URL="your_database_connection_string"
  SECRET_KEY="your_secret_key"
  ```

- **Client** `.env`:
  ```
  REACT_APP_API_URL="http://localhost:5000/api"
  ```

5. **Start the backend server**:
- flask run


6. **Start the frontend client**:
- npm start


## Usage


## Contact
Email me at 3rdeye.ghj@gmail.com
